docs: document computed metrics (#9)
openfoodfacts/recipe-estimator-metrics: README.md

Metrics framework for recipe estimation (estimation of the percentage of each ingredient and sub ingredient)

> Note that a recipe estimate is for the content before eventual evaporation (due to transformation like cooking for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a recipe estimate is for the content before possible water loss (due to transformation like cooking for example).
```
